Document and test management API only with policies exposed (#1062)
3scale/APIcast: doc/parameters.md

**Values:**

- `disabled`: completely disabled, just listens on the port

> - `status`: enables the `/status/` endpoints enabled for health checks and `/policies` that shows the list of available policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `status`: enables the `/status/` endpoints for health checks and `/policies` that show the list of available policies.
```

Author: :man_facepalming: 
Thanks!

Author: Sorry, I didn't notice the second change. It should be "shows" instead of "show" right?

Reviewer: Just to clarify: which one(s) show the list of available policies?
a. `/policies`
b. health check and `/policies`

In both cases, the verb is `show`, because of plural. However, the sentence might need to be rephrased to avoid ambiguity.

Author: It's `a)`, but I think it should be singular because it's the `/policies` endpoint.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
status`: enables the `/status/` endpoints for health checks, and the `/policies` endpoint that shows the list of available policies.

Author: :+1:
